Document GHC-46537 Unsupported extension (closes #150) (#399)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-46537/index.md

---
title: Unsupported extension
summary: GHC failed to recognize name of a language extension
severity: error
introduced: 9.6.1
---

This error is reported when GHC fails to recognize the name of a language extension, provided via `{-# LANGUAGE ... #-}` pragma at the top of a `.hs` file.

There are two likely causes:

1. You've made a typo, in which case ghc will likely also suggest the correct extension name to use.

> 2. You're using older version of GHC which doesn't yet support given extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You're using older version of GHC that doesn't yet support the extension.
```
It should be "that" because "doesn't yet support ..." is a restrictive clause (that is, the sentence makes no sense without it - it's not just some extra info bolted on)

>     Here's a couple of things you can try to troubleshoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here's a couple of things you can try in order to troubleshoot:
```

>     - Find out what version of GHC you're using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Find out which version of GHC you're using:
```

          ghc --version

>     - List all the supported extension that this version of GHC supports. Does the list contain your desired extension?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - List all the supported extensions that this version of GHC supports. Does the list contain your desired extension?
```

          ghc --supported-extensions

>     - Search for the extension name in the latest version of [GHC User's Guide](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/users_guide/exts.html). Most extensions have a `since` annotation which tells you in which version of GHC the extension was introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Search for the extension name in the latest version of the [GHC User's Guide](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/users_guide/exts.html). Most extensions have a `since` annotation which tells you in which version of GHC the extension was introduced.
```
